DCP Changelog 13-04-2026 B (#6165)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/dataminer_services_change_log_2026.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

### 13 April 2026 - Enhancement - Admin - Cleaner title and description input on Support page

On the Support page in the Admin app, titles and descriptions are now cleaned automatically when you type, paste, or drop text, so unsupported characters are removed immediately.

### 13 April 2026 - Fix - Marketplace - Authentication loop

> In the Marketplace app, an issue has been resolved where users could get stuck in an authentication loop. This behavior has been fixed.

Reviewer: What do you mean with the Marketplace app? I can't find this anywhere in our documentation, so perhaps we usually use a different name for this?

Author: Hmm, it has references here tough: https://docs.dataminer.services/dataminer/Getting_started/DaaS/Order_DataMiner_credits.html?q=Credit

Its a very small app to set people up for ordering credits.

> In the Marketplace app, an issue has been resolved where users could get stuck in an authentication loop. This behavior has been fixed.

Reviewer: Based on the page you refer to, would the following adjustment be correct?

```suggestion
An issue has been resolved where users could get stuck in an authentication loop when activating a subscription for DataMiner credits. This behavior has been fixed.
```
